README.md, before:

<br/>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://www.henrihuuskonen.dev/">
<img src="https://www.henrihuuskonen.dev/henri-huuskonen-avatar.svg" alt="Logo" width="200" height="200">
</a>
<p align="center">
My personal blog for guides, tutorials, and any other content I want to share.

<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://blog.henrihuuskonen.dev/">Visit the site</a>  -
<a href="https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/blog/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a> -
<a href="https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/blog/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
</p>
</div>


## Built With

- [Astro](https://astro.build/)
- [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/docs/getting-started/)
- [Rough Notation](https://roughnotation.com/)
- [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get the app running for you locally:
### Prerequisites

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

- asdf
  ```
  https://asdf-vm.com/guide/getting-started.html
  ```

- install right nodejs version
  ```sh
  asdf install
  ```
### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/blog
   ```
2. Install dependencies
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
## Usage

```sh
# start the project in dev mode
npm run dev

# run tests
npm run test
```

## Testing

The app is tested with Playwright. To run the tests:
```sh
# install browsers
npx playwright install

# run the tests
npm run test
```

The frontend is "protected" with visual regression testing, which are run in CI under [playwright-tests step](https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/henrihuuskonen.dev/blob/main/.github/workflows/ci.yaml#L21).

If the job fails on the visual regression test, updated snapshots are saved under the jobs artifacts for easy updating.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

## Contact

Henri Huuskonen - mail@henrihuuskonen.dev

Commit message:

Introduce dark mode and styling tweaks (#202)
* Introduce dark mode and styling tweaks

* Fix maybe undefined

* Set preferred theme before rendering

* Fix mobile by hiding menu for now

* Fix tags

* Fix code blocks on dark and light mode

* Fix mobile styles

* Fix test

* Update fixtures and add missing favicon

README.md, after:

<br/>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://www.henrihuuskonen.dev/">
<img src="https://www.henrihuuskonen.dev/henri-huuskonen-avatar.svg" alt="Logo" width="200" height="200">
</a>
<p align="center">
My personal blog for guides, tutorials, and any other content I want to share.

<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://blog.henrihuuskonen.dev/">Visit the site</a>  -
<a href="https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/blog/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a> -
<a href="https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/blog/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
</p>
</div>


## Built With

- [Astro](https://astro.build/)
- [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/docs/getting-started/)
- [Rough Notation](https://roughnotation.com/)
- [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get the app running for you locally:
### Prerequisites

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

- asdf
  ```
  https://asdf-vm.com/guide/getting-started.html
  ```

- install right nodejs version
  ```sh
  asdf install
  ```
### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/blog
   ```
2. Install dependencies
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
## Usage

```sh
# start the project in dev mode
npm run dev

# run tests
npm run test
```

## Testing

The app is tested with Playwright. To run the tests:
```sh
# install browsers
npx playwright install

# run the tests
npm run test
```

The frontend is "protected" with visual regression testing, which are run in CI under [playwright-tests step](https://github.com/henrihuuskonen/henrihuuskonen.dev/blob/main/.github/workflows/ci.yaml#L21).

If the job fails on the visual regression test, updated snapshots are saved under the jobs artifacts for easy updating.

## How to update astro

Run the following command to update astro to the latest version:
```sh
npx @astrojs/upgrade
```

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

## Contact

Henri Huuskonen - mail@henrihuuskonen.dev
